First Steps: Update Live Sample (#8335)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/Common/First Steps/00 First Steps.md

> In this step-by-step tutorial, you will build a simple task list application with a progress bar. By the end, you will have the following application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step-by-step tutorial guides you through building a simple task list application with a progress bar. The completed application looks like this:
```

Author: I'd like to slightly tweak your suggestion:
```suggestion
This step-by-step tutorial guides you through building a simple task list application with a progress bar. The completed application looks as follows:
```
